# SEAPATH - TSC Meeting

- Date: 12th September 2024
- Attendees:
    - Eloi Bail (Savoir-faire Linux)
    - Yair Podemsky (Red Hat)
    - Bastien Desbos (Savoir-faire Linux)
    - Paul Le Guen de Kerneizon (Savoir-faire Linux)
    - Mathieu Dupré (Savoir-faire Linux)
    - Elinor Montmasson (Savoir-faire Linux)
    - Anton Krupskii (Welotec)
    - Alban Denat (Schneider Electric)
    - Sander Jansen (Alliander)
    - Alistar Boeljin (Alliander)
    - David Macdonald (General Electric)

# Agenda

- Cybersecurity audit released !
- LF Energy summit and SEAPATH exposition
- SEAPATH Meetup
    - Plan to merge Ansible branches
    - Plan to release a first official version of SEAPATH

## Discussions

- Question to change the TSC time earlier
    - Meetings of LF Energy are late in the day because of US timezone
    - Everyone agree to move the TSC at 3pm

- Cybersecurity audit is completed
    - https://lfenergy.org/lf-energy-seapath-project-completes-security-audit-and-threat-model/
    - Eloi reminds that SEAPATH testing process is appreciated by the audit.
    - Everyone could deploy cybersecurity tests in their lab, like it is done in the CI.

- LF Energy summit
    - Huge involvement of SEAPATH. Many discussions about SEAPATH.
    - David Macdonald reminds about the demo made by GE: A POC for National grid, with real Omicron. The roundtrip of the protection was 7ms.

- SEAPATH meetup at LF Energy Summit 2024
    - Everybody agreed on a SEAPATH release with a merge of the Ansible branches.
    - Erwann Roussy explained the work done to merge debiancentos and main branch, only on standalone for now.
    - The next steps would be to use the same ceph version on Yocto and Debian/CentOS, to do the merge for cluster features, to move to cephadm and to make a release.
    - Bastien Desbos agreed on the need of a release but wanted a clear view of the roadmap :
        - Merge of the branches debiancentos and main
        - Move the ansible code of SEAPATH into roles
        - Release a first version before Christmas 2024
        - Move to ceph-adm

- List the features of SEAPATH
    - David asks questions on the scope of SEAPATH, and the adaptability it has
    - Bastien proposes to kickstart a wiki page on SEAPATH features

## Vote

N/A

# Next TSC

- Next TSC : 10th October 2024
- Agenda: TBD
