# SEAPATH - TSC Meeting

- Date: 15th May 2025
- Attendees:
    - Eloi Bail (SFL)
    - Mathieu Dupré (SFL)
    - Erwann Roussy (SFL)
    - Florent Carli (RTE)
    - Bastien Desbos (RTE)
    - Daniel Knüppe (Welotec)
    - Sander Jansen (Alliander)
    - Alban Denat (Schneider Electric)
    - Julien Tourner (SCLE)
    - Stefan Richter (Red Hat, Inc.)
    - Ludovic Jozeau

# Agenda

- Distribute the work for SEAPATH Roadmap
- Write it on the associated wiki page :
https://lf-energy.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/SEAP/pages/283443270/Roadmap_2025

## Discussions

- Project life-cycle
    - Use of ceph-adm.
        Florent Carli began the. It works, but only for a cluster of three hypervisors (no observer)
        Florent mentioned the fact that the SEAPATH support for ceph-ansible may be dropped at the next debian release (Debian 13 trixie)
    - CI refactoring
        Eloi propose itself to lead this part.
        Centos will need to add tests in the CI to have the same amount of testing than others.
        Daniel asks if the CI includes iso generation. Eloi answers that the iso are generated at each version manually. The CI only includes ansible, and does not test iso deployement.
- SEPATH demo
    - There are two ideas: give access to a SEAPATH demo online / Showcase SEAPATH demo on stands
    - This part is still to spec
- Documentation
    - RTE will document a part for the VIP'R project, with its provider.
- Evolution
    - RBAC
        - Some other utilities are showing interest in that. They are not listed for now
    - Containers
        - An internship starts at SFL in June on this topic
- Roadmap follow-up
    - Eloi proposes to create a Slack channel per group to discuss the topic
    - Each group will give status on its topic at each TSC

## Vote

N/A

# Next TSC

- Next TSC: 12th June 2025
