# SEAPATH - TSC Meeting

- Date: 12th June 2025
- Attendees:
    - Eloi Bail (SFL)
    - Erwann Roussy (SFL)
    - Paul Le Guen de Kerneizon (Savoir-faire Linux
    - Florent Carli (RTE)
    - Stefan Richter (Red Hat, Inc.)
    - Daniel Knüppe (Welotec)
    - Sander Jansen (Alliander)
    - Alban Denat (Schneider Electric)
    - David Macdonald (GE)
    - Bakary Kouamé (SFL)
    - Phillipe Nappey (Schneider Electric)

# Agenda

- Review of the Roadmerge

## Discussions

- ceph-adm is working properly on RTE side. RTE did the work to integrate that in the Ansible branch on main.
    - Florent Carli mentioned that the ceph-adm philosophy is to download all containers at runtime when the cluster is constructed.
      This is really different from having a fully working iso, which is the current implementation of SEAPATH.
      Specifically this requires an internet connection when creating the cluster.
      This will be discussed in the maintainer meeting.
- Use of Debian 13
    - This is already quite advanced. A pull request is already in draft on Ansible.
    - Florent Carli proposed to create a SEAPATH v2 when this is done, and to drop the support of ceph-ansible (only keep ceph-adm)
        - This will allow bumping the versions of Ansible and Python on the SEAPATH machine (both are pretty old today)
        - This will be discussed at the moment.
- SEAPATH on ARM64
    - RTE will receive ARM64 machines to try SEAPATH on it.
- SEAPATH Demonstrator
    - Will start soon with Stefan Ricther and Eloi Bail
- Communication
    - Posts have been made on LinkedIn
    - Talks have been submitted to LF Energy Summit
    - 2 talks have been accepted at the DebConf (Linux RT on Debian + Cybersecurity)
- The rest of the roadmap topics have not progressed yet

## Vote

N/A

# Next TSC

- Next TSC: 10th July 2025
